Professor (or whoever is grading this),

Before I begin, I appreciate being able to do this reflection and discuss my performance thus far into this semester.
Looking into my feedback log, I notice a common reoccurance of error in optimization and clean code. This is something that I intend
to continue working on improving, and have done over the last assignments.  In regards to time given to assignments, as seen by the missed submission of homework three,
there are moments where I do not give myself enough time to get work done, and I definitely find myself behind and lost.  That being said, I've been good about limiting those kinds of 
situations.  I've dedicated more time to school work at school and as a result, haven't missed any assignments since.As for class attendance, it hasn't been superb,
but ever since the zoom option has opened up, I've made sure to join the zoom so I do not miss class. I'm a commuter, and so
with travel times, ocassionally waking up late, etc. having that zoom option helps immensly.

One question I really like on here is the comparison code question. Whenever I am doing the peer reviews, I find a lot of the same 
code written, or at least of the same style.  That being said, there are ocassions where I'm absolutely blown away by the javadocs or
some of the optimization stuff that happens in students code (especially in the DynamicArrays assignment). On one of the assignments, 
I think one of the trainline ones, the level of detail on the javadoc was amazing. They explained how the method work and terminology within
that method. Compared to mine, it was gold.  In a lot of ways, I find myself learning from the peer reviews and it's very visible when someone
spends time building their methods and code.  Overall, I think I'm an average coder, and would probably rank myself as such.

Conceptually, I'm a lot more understanding with DynamicArrays than I am trainline.  Though I understand that trainline just functions as a pointer,
it is a lot easier to physically see that in DynamicArrays than it is trainline, and the this.first and this.last really through me off when we were
initially learning it in class.  It's a lot better now, but I'm definitely better with DynamicArrays than I am trainline.

Overall, if I were to rate myself grade wise, I'd give myself a B.  I think I can definitely improve on time management and class-promptness, but I believe
that I have a relatively firm grasp on the topics that were taught throughout this first-half of the semester and I've grown a lot since assignment 1.
I'll try to have more questions for after class to see if I can better my understanding of topics for this ladder-half of the semester to continue 
the improvement, and finish strong.

Again, thank you for this opprotunity, and I'll see you in class.